Flutter Widget Design Task

Introduction This project is a Flutter widget design task aimed at
assessing your ability to translate a given design into functional
Flutter code. The task involves creating a widget layout that displays a
user profile with an image, name, address, and a call icon.

Task Description The task involves the following steps:

Design Review: Review the provided design to understand the layout and
styling requirements. Implement Widget Layout: Use Flutter to implement
the widget layout according to the provided design. Functionality:
Ensure that the call icon is clickable and performs the desired action,
such as navigation and button click. Code Quality: Write clean,
readable, and well-structured Flutter code following best practices.
Testing: Test the widget layout on multiple device sizes and
orientations to ensure responsiveness and compatibility. Getting Started
To get started with the project, follow these steps:

Clone the repository to your local machine. Open the project in your
preferred Flutter IDE or editor. Implement the widget layout according
to the provided design. Test the layout on different device sizes and
orientations. Ensure that the call icon functionality works as expected.
Refactor and optimize the code for readability and performance if
necessary. Dependencies The project does not have any external
dependencies beyond the Flutter SDK.

Conclusion Upon completion of the task, submit your code for review.
Ensure that the widget layout matches the provided design and that the
functionality works as expected. Feel free to reach out if you have any
questions or need further clarification on the task requirements.
